this is it it's a 87 Toyota Camry
four-cylinder gets about 30 to 35 miles
to the gallon on a highway
I'd say about 25 to 30 in town it's
pretty good on gas paints all good rims
are good I actually just put two new
front tires on it
I'll show you that it starts real for us
so starts right up they see it works
great heat obviously works see stereo I
put in you aftermarket stereo in there I
have two six and a half kickers speakers
in the back and then I have two lands
our speakers up in the front interior is
really clean no cracks or scratches in
the dash or anything like that it's all
fresh and clean backseat
I'll show you that back seats all clean
no tears rips or anything got a little
bit of trash in there but everything's
good all the taillights work brake
lights all that they're all intact no
cracks something like that they look
brand new actually
rims are all original clean see it's
really clean for a 23 year old car
I'll show you under the hood real fast
so that it's got a Fi like I said
4-cylinder 16-valve everything runs
great I mean it's perfect
like I said gets great gas mileage no
problems there I change the oil every
like 2500 miles
I just put new headlights in we just got
the brake rotors replaced what else we
actually just got the calibration done
on the what do you call it
speedometer because it was a little off
so we got that done what else
shifts good I mean in Drive drives great
it's got overdrive and you can use east
ECT extremely clean on the inside see
the headliner all that everything is
perfect I mean there's really no
problems with it just selling it sucking
upgrade to a new your car so yeah that's
it